W-17609086 einstein model update (#64)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/analyzing-documents-with-einstein.adoc

After you finish configuring the output schema for your documents, add reviewers and publish your document action. 

== Configure Document Action Settings

> When you create a Generic document action with Einstein, you can configure the following settings: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a Generic document action with Einstein, you can configure these settings: 
```

* *Model*
+

> Select among the supported predictive models which one to use when you analyze documents with this document action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the supported predictive models, select one to analyze documents with this document action.
```

* *Enable PII Masking*
+

> Mask any personally identifiable information from your documents before sending it to the predictive model. Your Salesforce Organization Preference override this setting. For more information, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=ai.generative_ai_trust_layer.htm&type=5[Einstein Trust Layer].

Author: ```suggestion
Mask any personally identifiable information from your documents before sending it to the predictive model. Your Salesforce Organization Preferences override this setting. For more information, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=ai.generative_ai_trust_layer.htm&type=5[Einstein Trust Layer].
```
